.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl top pod \- Display resource (CPU/memory) usage of pods


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl top pod\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Display resource (CPU/memory) usage of pods.

.PP
The 'top pod' command allows you to see the resource consumption of pods.

.PP
Due to the metrics pipeline delay, they may be unavailable for a few minutes since pod creation.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-A\fP, \fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
	If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-containers\fP=false
	If present, print usage of containers within a pod.

.PP
\fB\-\-field\-selector\fP=""
	Selector (field query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-\-field\-selector key1=value1,key2=value2). The server only supports a limited number of field queries per type.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
	If present, print output without headers.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
	Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
	If non\-empty, sort pods list using specified field. The field can be either 'cpu' or 'memory'.

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-protocol\-buffers\fP=true
	Enables using protocol\-buffers to access Metrics API.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Show metrics for all pods in the default namespace
  kubectl top pod
  
  # Show metrics for all pods in the given namespace
  kubectl top pod \-\-namespace=NAMESPACE
  
  # Show metrics for a given pod and its containers
  kubectl top pod POD\_NAME \-\-containers
  
  # Show metrics for the pods defined by label name=myLabel
  kubectl top pod \-l name=myLabel

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-top(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
