.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm join phase control\-plane\-prepare all \- Prepare the machine for serving a control plane


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm join phase control\-plane\-prepare all\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Prepare the machine for serving a control plane


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
	If the node should host a new control plane instance, the IP address the API Server will advertise it's listening on. If not set the default network interface will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-bind\-port\fP=6443
	If the node should host a new control plane instance, the port for the API Server to bind to.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-key\fP=""
	Use this key to decrypt the certificate secrets uploaded by init.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
	Path to kubeadm config file.

.PP
\fB\-\-control\-plane\fP=false
	Create a new control plane instance on this node

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-file\fP=""
	For file\-based discovery, a file or URL from which to load cluster information.

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-token\fP=""
	For token\-based discovery, the token used to validate cluster information fetched from the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-token\-ca\-cert\-hash\fP=[]
	For token\-based discovery, validate that the root CA public key matches this hash (format: ":").

.PP
\fB\-\-discovery\-token\-unsafe\-skip\-ca\-verification\fP=false
	For token\-based discovery, allow joining without \-\-discovery\-token\-ca\-cert\-hash pinning.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
	Specify the node name.

.PP
\fB\-\-patches\fP=""
	Path to a directory that contains files named "target[suffix][+patchtype].extension". For example, "kube\-apiserver0+merge.yaml" or just "etcd.json". "target" can be one of "kube\-apiserver", "kube\-controller\-manager", "kube\-scheduler", "etcd". "patchtype" can be one of "strategic", "merge" or "json" and they match the patch formats supported by kubectl. The default "patchtype" is "strategic". "extension" must be either "json" or "yaml". "suffix" is an optional string that can be used to determine which patches are applied first alpha\-numerically.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-bootstrap\-token\fP=""
	Specify the token used to temporarily authenticate with the Kubernetes Control Plane while joining the node.

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Use this token for both discovery\-token and tls\-bootstrap\-token when those values are not provided.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
	[EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-join\-phase\-control\-plane\-prepare(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
