.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm certs renew etcd\-server \- Renew the certificate for serving etcd


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm certs renew etcd\-server\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Renew the certificate for serving etcd.

.PP
Renewals run unconditionally, regardless of certificate expiration date; extra attributes such as SANs will be based on the existing file/certificates, there is no need to resupply them.

.PP
Renewal by default tries to use the certificate authority in the local PKI managed by kubeadm; as alternative it is possible to use K8s certificate API for certificate renewal, or as a last option, to generate a CSR request.

.PP
After renewal, in order to make changes effective, is required to restart control\-plane components and eventually re\-distribute the renewed certificate in case the file is used elsewhere.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
	The path where to save the certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
	Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
	The kubeconfig file to use when talking to the cluster. If the flag is not set, a set of standard locations can be searched for an existing kubeconfig file.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
	[EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-certs\-renew(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
