.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl exec \- Execute a command in a container


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl exec\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Execute a command in a container.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
	Container name. If omitted, use the kubectl.kubernetes.io/default\-container annotation for selecting the container to be attached or the first container in the pod will be chosen

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
	to use to exec into the resource

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-running\-timeout\fP=1m0s
	The length of time (like 5s, 2m, or 3h, higher than zero) to wait until at least one pod is running

.PP
\fB\-q\fP, \fB\-\-quiet\fP=false
	Only print output from the remote session

.PP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-stdin\fP=false
	Pass stdin to the container

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-tty\fP=false
	Stdin is a TTY


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Get output from running the 'date' command from pod mypod, using the first container by default
  kubectl exec mypod \-\- date
  
  # Get output from running the 'date' command in ruby\-container from pod mypod
  kubectl exec mypod \-c ruby\-container \-\- date
  
  # Switch to raw terminal mode; sends stdin to 'bash' in ruby\-container from pod mypod
  # and sends stdout/stderr from 'bash' back to the client
  kubectl exec mypod \-c ruby\-container \-i \-t \-\- bash \-il
  
  # List contents of /usr from the first container of pod mypod and sort by modification time
  # If the command you want to execute in the pod has any flags in common (e.g. \-i),
  # you must use two dashes (\-\-) to separate your command's flags/arguments
  # Also note, do not surround your command and its flags/arguments with quotes
  # unless that is how you would execute it normally (i.e., do ls \-t /usr, not "ls \-t /usr")
  kubectl exec mypod \-i \-t \-\- ls \-t /usr
  
  # Get output from running 'date' command from the first pod of the deployment mydeployment, using the first container by default
  kubectl exec deploy/mydeployment \-\- date
  
  # Get output from running 'date' command from the first pod of the service myservice, using the first container by default
  kubectl exec svc/myservice \-\- date

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
