.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl replace \- Replace a resource by file name or stdin


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl replace\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Replace a resource by file name or stdin.

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted. If replacing an existing resource, the complete resource spec must be provided. This can be obtained by

.PP
$ kubectl get TYPE NAME \-o yaml


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
	If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-cascade\fP="background"
	Must be "background", "orphan", or "foreground". Selects the deletion cascading strategy for the dependents (e.g. Pods created by a ReplicationController). Defaults to background.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP="none"
	Must be "none", "server", or "client". If client strategy, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it. If server strategy, submit server\-side request without persisting the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-field\-manager\fP="kubectl\-replace"
	Name of the manager used to track field ownership.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
	to use to replace the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-force\fP=false
	If true, immediately remove resources from API and bypass graceful deletion. Note that immediate deletion of some resources may result in inconsistency or data loss and requires confirmation.

.PP
\fB\-\-grace\-period\fP=\-1
	Period of time in seconds given to the resource to terminate gracefully. Ignored if negative. Set to 1 for immediate shutdown. Can only be set to 0 when \-\-force is true (force deletion).

.PP
\fB\-k\fP, \fB\-\-kustomize\fP=""
	Process a kustomization directory. This flag can't be used together with \-f or \-R.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
	Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-as\-json|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=""
	Raw URI to PUT to the server.  Uses the transport specified by the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
	Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-save\-config\fP=false
	If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. Otherwise, the annotation will be unchanged. This flag is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-managed\-fields\fP=false
	If true, keep the managedFields when printing objects in JSON or YAML format.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
	Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg\-overview].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=0s
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a delete, zero means determine a timeout from the size of the object

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
	If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-wait\fP=false
	If true, wait for resources to be gone before returning. This waits for finalizers.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Replace a pod using the data in pod.json
  kubectl replace \-f ./pod.json
  
  # Replace a pod based on the JSON passed into stdin
  cat pod.json | kubectl replace \-f \-
  
  # Update a single\-container pod's image version (tag) to v4
  kubectl get pod mypod \-o yaml | sed 's/\\(image: myimage\\):.*$/\\1:v4/' | kubectl replace \-f \-
  
  # Force replace, delete and then re\-create the resource
  kubectl replace \-\-force \-f ./pod.json

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
