.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl apply \- Apply a configuration to a resource by file name or stdin


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl apply\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Apply a configuration to a resource by file name or stdin. The resource name must be specified. This resource will be created if it doesn't exist yet. To use 'apply', always create the resource initially with either 'apply' or 'create \-\-save\-config'.

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: the \-\-prune functionality is not yet complete. Do not use unless you are aware of what the current state is. See https://issues.k8s.io/34274.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
	Select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
	If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-cascade\fP="background"
	Must be "background", "orphan", or "foreground". Selects the deletion cascading strategy for the dependents (e.g. Pods created by a ReplicationController). Defaults to background.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP="none"
	Must be "none", "server", or "client". If client strategy, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it. If server strategy, submit server\-side request without persisting the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-field\-manager\fP="kubectl\-client\-side\-apply"
	Name of the manager used to track field ownership.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
	that contains the configuration to apply

.PP
\fB\-\-force\fP=false
	If true, immediately remove resources from API and bypass graceful deletion. Note that immediate deletion of some resources may result in inconsistency or data loss and requires confirmation.

.PP
\fB\-\-force\-conflicts\fP=false
	If true, server\-side apply will force the changes against conflicts.

.PP
\fB\-\-grace\-period\fP=\-1
	Period of time in seconds given to the resource to terminate gracefully. Ignored if negative. Set to 1 for immediate shutdown. Can only be set to 0 when \-\-force is true (force deletion).

.PP
\fB\-k\fP, \fB\-\-kustomize\fP=""
	Process a kustomization directory. This flag can't be used together with \-f or \-R.

.PP
\fB\-\-openapi\-patch\fP=true
	If true, use openapi to calculate diff when the openapi presents and the resource can be found in the openapi spec. Otherwise, fall back to use baked\-in types.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
	Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-as\-json|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=true
	Automatically resolve conflicts between the modified and live configuration by using values from the modified configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-prune\fP=false
	Automatically delete resource objects, that do not appear in the configs and are created by either apply or create \-\-save\-config. Should be used with either \-l or \-\-all.

.PP
\fB\-\-prune\-whitelist\fP=[]
	Overwrite the default whitelist with  for \-\-prune

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
	Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
	Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
	Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-server\-side\fP=false
	If true, apply runs in the server instead of the client.

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-managed\-fields\fP=false
	If true, keep the managedFields when printing objects in JSON or YAML format.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
	Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg\-overview].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=0s
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a delete, zero means determine a timeout from the size of the object

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
	If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-wait\fP=false
	If true, wait for resources to be gone before returning. This waits for finalizers.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Apply the configuration in pod.json to a pod
  kubectl apply \-f ./pod.json
  
  # Apply resources from a directory containing kustomization.yaml \- e.g. dir/kustomization.yaml
  kubectl apply \-k dir/
  
  # Apply the JSON passed into stdin to a pod
  cat pod.json | kubectl apply \-f \-
  
  # Note: \-\-prune is still in Alpha
  # Apply the configuration in manifest.yaml that matches label app=nginx and delete all other resources that are not in the file and match label app=nginx
  kubectl apply \-\-prune \-f manifest.yaml \-l app=nginx
  
  # Apply the configuration in manifest.yaml and delete all the other config maps that are not in the file
  kubectl apply \-\-prune \-f manifest.yaml \-\-all \-\-prune\-whitelist=core/v1/ConfigMap

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-apply\-edit\-last\-applied(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-apply\-set\-last\-applied(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-apply\-view\-last\-applied(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
