.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-scheduler \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-scheduler\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes scheduler is a control plane process which assigns
Pods to Nodes. The scheduler determines which Nodes are valid placements for
each Pod in the scheduling queue according to constraints and available
resources. The scheduler then ranks each valid Node and binds the Pod to a
suitable Node. Multiple different schedulers may be used within a cluster;
kube\-scheduler is the reference implementation.
See scheduling
\[la]https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/\[ra]
for more information about scheduling and the kube\-scheduler component.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-add\_dir\_header\fP=false
	If true, adds the file directory to the header of the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
	The IP address on which to serve the insecure \-\-port (set to 0.0.0.0 for all IPv4 interfaces and :: for all IPv6 interfaces).

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-metric\-labels\fP=[]
	The map from metric\-label to value allow\-list of this label. The key's format is ,\&. The value's format is ,\&...e.g. metric1,label1='v1,v2,v3', metric1,label2='v1,v2,v3' metric2,label1='v1,v2,v3'.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	kubeconfig file pointing at the 'core' kubernetes server with enough rights to create tokenreviews.authentication.k8s.io. This is optional. If empty, all token requests are considered to be anonymous and no client CA is looked up in the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-skip\-lookup\fP=false
	If false, the authentication\-kubeconfig will be used to lookup missing authentication configuration from the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-cache\-ttl\fP=10s
	The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-tolerate\-lookup\-failure\fP=true
	If true, failures to look up missing authentication configuration from the cluster are not considered fatal. Note that this can result in authentication that treats all requests as anonymous.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-always\-allow\-paths\fP=[/healthz,/readyz,/livez]
	A list of HTTP paths to skip during authorization, i.e. these are authorized without contacting the 'core' kubernetes server.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	kubeconfig file pointing at the 'core' kubernetes server with enough rights to create subjectaccessreviews.authorization.k8s.io. This is optional. If empty, all requests not skipped by authorization are forbidden.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-authorized\-ttl\fP=10s
	The duration to cache 'authorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-unauthorized\-ttl\fP=10s
	The duration to cache 'unauthorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
	The IP address on which to listen for the \-\-secure\-port port. The associated interface(s) must be reachable by the rest of the cluster, and by CLI/web clients. If blank or an unspecified address (0.0.0.0 or ::), all interfaces will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP=""
	The directory where the TLS certs are located. If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
	If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client\-ca\-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
	The path to the configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=true
	DEPRECATED: enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-disabled\-metrics\fP=[]
	This flag provides an escape hatch for misbehaving metrics. You must provide the fully qualified metric name in order to disable it. Disclaimer: disabling metrics is higher in precedence than showing hidden metrics.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-logging\-sanitization\fP=false
	[Experimental] When enabled prevents logging of fields tagged as sensitive (passwords, keys, tokens).
Runtime log sanitization may introduce significant computation overhead and therefore should not be enabled in production.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
	A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIPriorityAndFairness=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIServerIdentity=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
APIServerTracing=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllBeta=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
AnyVolumeDataSource=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CPUManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManagerPolicyBetaOptions=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyOptions=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIInlineVolume=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIMigration=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIMigrationAWS=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIMigrationAzureDisk=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIMigrationAzureFile=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationGCE=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIMigrationOpenStack=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIMigrationPortworx=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIMigrationvSphere=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
CSIStorageCapacity=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CSIVolumeHealth=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSRDuration=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ControllerManagerLeaderMigration=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceValidationExpressions=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DaemonSetUpdateSurge=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DefaultPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DelegateFSGroupToCSIDriver=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DevicePlugins=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DisableAcceleratorUsageMetrics=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DisableCloudProviders=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DownwardAPIHugePages=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
EfficientWatchResumption=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
EndpointSliceTerminatingCondition=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
EphemeralContainers=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandCSIVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandInUsePersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ExpandedDNSConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
GRPCContainerProbe=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
GracefulNodeShutdown=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HPAContainerMetrics=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HonorPVReclaimPolicy=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
IdentifyPodOS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginAWSUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginAzureDiskUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginAzureFileUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginGCEUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginOpenStackUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginPortworxUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginRBDUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
InTreePluginvSphereUnregister=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
IndexedJob=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
JobMutableNodeSchedulingDirectives=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
JobReadyPods=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
JobTrackingWithFinalizers=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
KubeletCredentialProviders=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletInUserNamespace=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletPodResources=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
KubeletPodResourcesGetAllocatable=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
LogarithmicScaleDown=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
MemoryManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
MemoryQoS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MixedProtocolLBService=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
NetworkPolicyEndPort=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
NodeSwap=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
NonPreemptingPriority=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
OpenAPIEnums=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
OpenAPIV3=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodAffinityNamespaceSelector=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
PodAndContainerStatsFromCRI=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodDeletionCost=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
PodOverhead=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
PodSecurity=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
PreferNominatedNode=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ProbeTerminationGracePeriod=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ProxyTerminatingEndpoints=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ReadWriteOncePod=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RemainingItemCount=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RemoveSelfLink=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SeccompDefault=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServerSideFieldValidation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceInternalTrafficPolicy=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ServiceLBNodePortControl=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
ServiceLoadBalancerClass=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SizeMemoryBackedVolumes=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
StatefulSetAutoDeletePVC=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StatefulSetMinReadySeconds=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
StorageVersionAPI=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SuspendJob=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
TopologyAwareHints=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
TopologyManager=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
VolumeCapacityPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
WindowsHostProcessContainers=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
csiMigrationRBD=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP=false
	help for kube\-scheduler

.PP
\fB\-\-http2\-max\-streams\-per\-connection\fP=0
	The limit that the server gives to clients for the maximum number of streams in an HTTP/2 connection. Zero means to use golang's default.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=100
	DEPRECATED: burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
	DEPRECATED: content type of requests sent to apiserver. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=50
	DEPRECATED: QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	DEPRECATED: path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\fP=true
	Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-lease\-duration\fP=15s
	The duration that non\-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-renew\-deadline\fP=10s
	The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-resource\-lock\fP="leases"
	The type of resource object that is used for locking during leader election. Supported options are 'endpoints', 'configmaps', 'leases', 'endpointsleases' and 'configmapsleases'.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-resource\-name\fP="kube\-scheduler"
	The name of resource object that is used for locking during leader election.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-resource\-namespace\fP="kube\-system"
	The namespace of resource object that is used for locking during leader election.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-retry\-period\fP=2s
	The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-object\-name\fP="kube\-scheduler"
	DEPRECATED: define the name of the lock object. Will be removed in favor of leader\-elect\-resource\-name. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-object\-namespace\fP="kube\-system"
	DEPRECATED: define the namespace of the lock object. Will be removed in favor of leader\-elect\-resource\-namespace. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
	Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
	when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
	If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_file\fP=""
	If non\-empty, use this log file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_file\_max\_size\fP=1800
	Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to. Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited.

.PP
\fB\-\-logging\-format\fP="text"
	Sets the log format. Permitted formats: "text".
Non\-default formats don't honor these flags: \-\-add\-dir\-header, \-\-alsologtostderr, \-\-log\-backtrace\-at, \-\-log\-dir, \-\-log\-file, \-\-log\-file\-max\-size, \-\-logtostderr, \-\-one\-output, \-\-skip\-headers, \-\-skip\-log\-headers, \-\-stderrthreshold, \-\-vmodule.
Non\-default choices are currently alpha and subject to change without warning.

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
	log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
	The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-one\_output\fP=false
	If true, only write logs to their native severity level (vs also writing to each lower severity level)

.PP
\fB\-\-permit\-address\-sharing\fP=false
	If true, SO\_REUSEADDR will be used when binding the port. This allows binding to wildcard IPs like 0.0.0.0 and specific IPs in parallel, and it avoids waiting for the kernel to release sockets in TIME\_WAIT state. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-permit\-port\-sharing\fP=false
	If true, SO\_REUSEPORT will be used when binding the port, which allows more than one instance to bind on the same address and port. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=0
	The port on which to serve unsecured, unauthenticated access. Set to 0 to disable.

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=true
	DEPRECATED: enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/. This parameter is ignored if a config file is specified in \-\-config.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-allowed\-names\fP=[]
	List of client certificate common names to allow to provide usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. If empty, any client certificate validated by the authorities in \-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file is allowed.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
	Root certificate bundle to use to verify client certificates on incoming requests before trusting usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. WARNING: generally do not depend on authorization being already done for incoming requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-extra\-headers\-prefix\fP=[x\-remote\-extra\-]
	List of request header prefixes to inspect. X\-Remote\-Extra\- is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-group\-headers\fP=[x\-remote\-group]
	List of request headers to inspect for groups. X\-Remote\-Group is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-username\-headers\fP=[x\-remote\-user]
	List of request headers to inspect for usernames. X\-Remote\-User is common.

.PP
\fB\-\-secure\-port\fP=10259
	The port on which to serve HTTPS with authentication and authorization. If 0, don't serve HTTPS at all.

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-hidden\-metrics\-for\-version\fP=""
	The previous version for which you want to show hidden metrics. Only the previous minor version is meaningful, other values will not be allowed. The format is \&., e.g.: '1.16'. The purpose of this format is make sure you have the opportunity to notice if the next release hides additional metrics, rather than being surprised when they are permanently removed in the release after that.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\_headers\fP=false
	If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\_log\_headers\fP=false
	If true, avoid headers when opening log files

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
	logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
	File containing the default x509 Certificate for HTTPS. (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If HTTPS serving is enabled, and \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory specified by \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cipher\-suites\fP=[]
	Comma\-separated list of cipher suites for the server. If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be used.
Preferred values: TLS\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256, TLS\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384, TLS\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305\_SHA256, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305\_SHA256, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_CHACHA20\_POLY1305\_SHA256, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_GCM\_SHA256, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_256\_GCM\_SHA384.
Insecure values: TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256, TLS\_ECDHE\_ECDSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_3DES\_EDE\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256, TLS\_ECDHE\_RSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_3DES\_EDE\_CBC\_SHA, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_AES\_128\_CBC\_SHA256, TLS\_RSA\_WITH\_RC4\_128\_SHA.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-min\-version\fP=""
	Minimum TLS version supported. Possible values: VersionTLS10, VersionTLS11, VersionTLS12, VersionTLS13

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
	File containing the default x509 private key matching \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key\fP=[]
	A pair of x509 certificate and private key file paths, optionally suffixed with a list of domain patterns which are fully qualified domain names, possibly with prefixed wildcard segments. The domain patterns also allow IP addresses, but IPs should only be used if the apiserver has visibility to the IP address requested by a client. If no domain patterns are provided, the names of the certificate are extracted. Non\-wildcard matches trump over wildcard matches, explicit domain patterns trump over extracted names. For multiple key/certificate pairs, use the \-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key multiple times. Examples: "example.crt,example.key" or "foo.crt,foo.key:*.foo.com,foo.com".

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
	number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
	comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging (only works for text log format)

.PP
\fB\-\-write\-config\-to\fP=""
	If set, write the configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
