.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl config set \- Set an individual value in a kubeconfig file


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl config set\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set an individual value in a kubeconfig file.

.PP
PROPERTY\_NAME is a dot delimited name where each token represents either an attribute name or a map key.  Map keys may not contain dots.

.PP
PROPERTY\_VALUE is the new value you want to set. Binary fields such as 'certificate\-authority\-data' expect a base64 encoded string unless the \-\-set\-raw\-bytes flag is used.

.PP
Specifying an attribute name that already exists will merge new fields on top of existing values.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-set\-raw\-bytes\fP=false
	When writing a []byte PROPERTY\_VALUE, write the given string directly without base64 decoding.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	use a particular kubeconfig file

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Set the server field on the my\-cluster cluster to https://1.2.3.4
  kubectl config set clusters.my\-cluster.server https://1.2.3.4
  
  # Set the certificate\-authority\-data field on the my\-cluster cluster
  kubectl config set clusters.my\-cluster.certificate\-authority\-data $(echo "cert\_data\_here" | base64 \-i \-)
  
  # Set the cluster field in the my\-context context to my\-cluster
  kubectl config set contexts.my\-context.cluster my\-cluster
  
  # Set the client\-key\-data field in the cluster\-admin user using \-\-set\-raw\-bytes option
  kubectl config set users.cluster\-admin.client\-key\-data cert\_data\_here \-\-set\-raw\-bytes=true

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-config(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
