.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl wait \- Experimental: Wait for a specific condition on one or many resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl wait\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Experimental: Wait for a specific condition on one or many resources.

.PP
The command takes multiple resources and waits until the specified condition is seen in the Status field of every given resource.

.PP
Alternatively, the command can wait for the given set of resources to be deleted by providing the "delete" keyword as the value to the \-\-for flag.

.PP
A successful message will be printed to stdout indicating when the specified condition has been met. You can use \-o option to change to output destination.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
	Select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-A\fP, \fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
	If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
	If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-field\-selector\fP=""
	Selector (field query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-\-field\-selector key1=value1,key2=value2). The server only supports a limited number of field queries per type.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
	identifying the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-for\fP=""
	The condition to wait on: [delete|condition=condition\-name|jsonpath='{JSONPath expression}'=JSONPath Condition]. The default status value of condition\-name is true, you can set false with condition=condition\-name=false.

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
	If true, annotation will NOT contact api\-server but run locally.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
	Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-as\-json|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=true
	Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
	Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.(e.g. \-l key1=value1,key2=value2)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-managed\-fields\fP=false
	If true, keep the managedFields when printing objects in JSON or YAML format.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
	Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg\-overview].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=30s
	The length of time to wait before giving up.  Zero means check once and don't wait, negative means wait for a week.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Wait for the pod "busybox1" to contain the status condition of type "Ready"
  kubectl wait \-\-for=condition=Ready pod/busybox1
  
  # The default value of status condition is true; you can set it to false
  kubectl wait \-\-for=condition=Ready=false pod/busybox1
  
  # Wait for the pod "busybox1" to contain the status phase to be "Running".
  kubectl wait \-\-for=jsonpath='{.status.phase}'=Running pod/busybox1
  
  # Wait for the pod "busybox1" to be deleted, with a timeout of 60s, after having issued the "delete" command
  kubectl delete pod/busybox1
  kubectl wait \-\-for=delete pod/busybox1 \-\-timeout=60s

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
