.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl edit \- Edit a resource on the server


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl edit\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Edit a resource from the default editor.

.PP
The edit command allows you to directly edit any API resource you can retrieve via the command\-line tools. It will open the editor defined by your KUBE\_EDITOR, or EDITOR environment variables, or fall back to 'vi' for Linux or 'notepad' for Windows. You can edit multiple objects, although changes are applied one at a time. The command accepts file names as well as command\-line arguments, although the files you point to must be previously saved versions of resources.

.PP
Editing is done with the API version used to fetch the resource. To edit using a specific API version, fully\-qualify the resource, version, and group.

.PP
The default format is YAML. To edit in JSON, specify "\-o json".

.PP
The flag \-\-windows\-line\-endings can be used to force Windows line endings, otherwise the default for your operating system will be used.

.PP
In the event an error occurs while updating, a temporary file will be created on disk that contains your unapplied changes. The most common error when updating a resource is another editor changing the resource on the server. When this occurs, you will have to apply your changes to the newer version of the resource, or update your temporary saved copy to include the latest resource version.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
	If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-field\-manager\fP="kubectl\-edit"
	Name of the manager used to track field ownership.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
	Filename, directory, or URL to files to use to edit the resource

.PP
\fB\-k\fP, \fB\-\-kustomize\fP=""
	Process the kustomization directory. This flag can't be used together with \-f or \-R.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
	Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-as\-json|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-patch\fP=false
	Output the patch if the resource is edited.

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
	Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
	Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-save\-config\fP=false
	If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. Otherwise, the annotation will be unchanged. This flag is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-managed\-fields\fP=false
	If true, keep the managedFields when printing objects in JSON or YAML format.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
	Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg\-overview].

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
	If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-windows\-line\-endings\fP=false
	Defaults to the line ending native to your platform.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Edit the service named 'docker\-registry'
  kubectl edit svc/docker\-registry
  
  # Use an alternative editor
  KUBE\_EDITOR="nano" kubectl edit svc/docker\-registry
  
  # Edit the job 'myjob' in JSON using the v1 API format
  kubectl edit job.v1.batch/myjob \-o json
  
  # Edit the deployment 'mydeployment' in YAML and save the modified config in its annotation
  kubectl edit deployment/mydeployment \-o yaml \-\-save\-config

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
