.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl auth can\-i \- Check whether an action is allowed


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl auth can\-i\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Check whether an action is allowed.

.PP
VERB is a logical Kubernetes API verb like 'get', 'list', 'watch', 'delete', etc. TYPE is a Kubernetes resource. Shortcuts and groups will be resolved. NONRESOURCEURL is a partial URL that starts with "/". NAME is the name of a particular Kubernetes resource. This command pairs nicely with impersonation. See \-\-as global flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-A\fP, \fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
	If true, check the specified action in all namespaces.

.PP
\fB\-\-list\fP=false
	If true, prints all allowed actions.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
	If true, prints allowed actions without headers

.PP
\fB\-q\fP, \fB\-\-quiet\fP=false
	If true, suppress output and just return the exit code.

.PP
\fB\-\-subresource\fP=""
	SubResource such as pod/log or deployment/scale


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Check to see if I can create pods in any namespace
  kubectl auth can\-i create pods \-\-all\-namespaces
  
  # Check to see if I can list deployments in my current namespace
  kubectl auth can\-i list deployments.apps
  
  # Check to see if I can do everything in my current namespace ("*" means all)
  kubectl auth can\-i '*' '*'
  
  # Check to see if I can get the job named "bar" in namespace "foo"
  kubectl auth can\-i list jobs.batch/bar \-n foo
  
  # Check to see if I can read pod logs
  kubectl auth can\-i get pods \-\-subresource=log
  
  # Check to see if I can access the URL /logs/
  kubectl auth can\-i get /logs/
  
  # List all allowed actions in namespace "foo"
  kubectl auth can\-i \-\-list \-\-namespace=foo

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-auth(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
