.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init phase control\-plane controller\-manager \- Generates the kube\-controller\-manager static Pod manifest


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init phase control\-plane controller\-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generates the kube\-controller\-manager static Pod manifest


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
	The path where to save and store the certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
	Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-controller\-manager\-extra\-args\fP=
	A set of extra flags to pass to the Controller Manager or override default ones in form of =

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
	Don't apply any changes; just output what would be done.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-repository\fP="k8s.gcr.io"
	Choose a container registry to pull control plane images from

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1"
	Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.

.PP
\fB\-\-patches\fP=""
	Path to a directory that contains files named "target[suffix][+patchtype].extension". For example, "kube\-apiserver0+merge.yaml" or just "etcd.json". "target" can be one of "kube\-apiserver", "kube\-controller\-manager", "kube\-scheduler", "etcd". "patchtype" can be one of "strategic", "merge" or "json" and they match the patch formats supported by kubectl. The default "patchtype" is "strategic". "extension" must be either "json" or "yaml". "suffix" is an optional string that can be used to determine which patches are applied first alpha\-numerically.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-network\-cidr\fP=""
	Specify range of IP addresses for the pod network. If set, the control plane will automatically allocate CIDRs for every node.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
	[EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-init\-phase\-control\-plane(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
