.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl cluster\-info dump \- Dump relevant information for debugging and diagnosis


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl cluster\-info dump\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Dump cluster information out suitable for debugging and diagnosing cluster problems.  By default, dumps everything to stdout. You can optionally specify a directory with \-\-output\-directory.  If you specify a directory, Kubernetes will build a set of files in that directory.  By default, only dumps things in the current namespace and 'kube\-system' namespace, but you can switch to a different namespace with the \-\-namespaces flag, or specify \-\-all\-namespaces to dump all namespaces.

.PP
The command also dumps the logs of all of the pods in the cluster; these logs are dumped into different directories based on namespace and pod name.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-A\fP, \fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
	If true, dump all namespaces.  If true, \-\-namespaces is ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
	If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-namespaces\fP=[]
	A comma separated list of namespaces to dump.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP="json"
	Output format. One of: json|yaml|name|go\-template|go\-template\-file|template|templatefile|jsonpath|jsonpath\-as\-json|jsonpath\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-directory\fP=""
	Where to output the files.  If empty or '\-' uses stdout, otherwise creates a directory hierarchy in that directory

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-running\-timeout\fP=20s
	The length of time (like 5s, 2m, or 3h, higher than zero) to wait until at least one pod is running

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-managed\-fields\fP=false
	If true, keep the managedFields when printing objects in JSON or YAML format.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
	Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg\-overview].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Dump current cluster state to stdout
  kubectl cluster\-info dump
  
  # Dump current cluster state to /path/to/cluster\-state
  kubectl cluster\-info dump \-\-output\-directory=/path/to/cluster\-state
  
  # Dump all namespaces to stdout
  kubectl cluster\-info dump \-\-all\-namespaces
  
  # Dump a set of namespaces to /path/to/cluster\-state
  kubectl cluster\-info dump \-\-namespaces default,kube\-system \-\-output\-directory=/path/to/cluster\-state

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-cluster\-info(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
