.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm kubeconfig user \- Output a kubeconfig file for an additional user


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm kubeconfig user\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Output a kubeconfig file for an additional user.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-client\-name\fP=""
	The name of user. It will be used as the CN if client certificates are created

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
	Path to a kubeadm configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-org\fP=[]
	The orgnizations of the client certificate. It will be used as the O if client certificates are created

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	The token that should be used as the authentication mechanism for this kubeconfig, instead of client certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-validity\-period\fP=8760h0m0s
	The validity period of the client certificate. It is an offset from the current time.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-rootfs\fP=""
	[EXPERIMENTAL] The path to the 'real' host root filesystem.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Output a kubeconfig file for an additional user named foo using a kubeadm config file bar
  kubeadm kubeconfig user \-\-client\-name=foo \-\-config=bar

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-kubeconfig(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
