.nh
.TH KUBERNETES(1) kubernetes User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl kustomize \- Build a kustomization target from a directory or URL.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl kustomize\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Build a set of KRM resources using a 'kustomization.yaml' file. The DIR argument must be a path to a directory containing 'kustomization.yaml', or a git repository URL with a path suffix specifying same with respect to the repository root. If DIR is omitted, '.' is assumed.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\-current\-user\fP=false
	use the uid and gid of the command executor to run the function in the container

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-alpha\-plugins\fP=false
	enable kustomize plugins

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-helm\fP=false
	Enable use of the Helm chart inflator generator.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-managedby\-label\fP=false
	enable adding app.kubernetes.io/managed\-by

.PP
\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-env\fP=[]
	a list of environment variables to be used by functions

.PP
\fB\-\-helm\-command\fP="helm"
	helm command (path to executable)

.PP
\fB\-\-load\-restrictor\fP="LoadRestrictionsRootOnly"
	if set to 'LoadRestrictionsNone', local kustomizations may load files from outside their root. This does, however, break the relocatability of the kustomization.

.PP
\fB\-\-mount\fP=[]
	a list of storage options read from the filesystem

.PP
\fB\-\-network\fP=false
	enable network access for functions that declare it

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-name\fP="bridge"
	the docker network to run the container in

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
	If specified, write output to this path.

.PP
\fB\-\-reorder\fP="legacy"
	Reorder the resources just before output. Use 'legacy' to apply a legacy reordering (Namespaces first, Webhooks last, etc). Use 'none' to suppress a final reordering.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
	Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a regular user or a service account in a namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
	Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-uid\fP=""
	UID to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
	Path to the file containing Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/tmp/kubernetes\-cli\-20211216\-7728\-4tsrr/.brew\_home/.kube/cache"
	Default cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
	Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
	If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB\-\-profile\-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
	The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-server\-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
	The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-warnings\-as\-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non\-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Build the current working directory
  kubectl kustomize
  
  # Build some shared configuration directory
  kubectl kustomize /home/config/production
  
  # Build from github
  kubectl kustomize https://github.com/kubernetes\-sigs/kustomize.git/examples/helloWorld?ref=v1.0.6

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
